Bedtime!
Whoo-hoo! Bedtime!
Yeah!
oh nooo
Did you wash your face?
Yes.
No.
Story time! Story time!
-Whee!
-Yes!
Shh.
Once upon a time.
there was a brave and noble princess
named Peach.
'She was the great protector
of the Mushroom Kingdom.'
‘Her story began many years ago.’
I want to hear the story
about the plumbers.
We did that one last night
and the night before.
-Plumber. Plumber.
-Plumber.
-Plumber! Plumber!
-Okay.
-Whoo-hoo!
I'm hooked on the brothers
Mario and Luigi…
Get to the Donkey Kong part!
-Donkey Kong! Donkey Kong!
Donkey Kong! Donkey--
Let's save the rest for tomorrow.
- You all get tucked into bed. Alright?
- Boo
I'll be right back.
Princess Rosalina.
you're coming with me.
-You messed with the wrong--
-Mama.
I had a bad dream.
Uh-oh. It wasn't a dream.
From the ashes of his father's defeat
rises a new conqueror.
The 'Bowser' name
shall be feared once more!
-Will you shut up?
-I'm just so happy for you.
Your first princess nabbing!
Leave my mom alone!
No!
Wahoo!
Whoo-hoo!
Lu! That jump you hit back there!
-Mario. are we cool motorcycle guys now?
-Obviously.
Oh! You're here!
Now. where's the troubled pipe?
Okay. okay. How about pointing?
Okay. I guess we'll just
follow that terrifying noise.
Come on. You're not
the scared guy anymore.
Yes I am! People don't change
There's the problem.
Put the bricks back!
I looked back down that hole
and then double looked back
Hey. It's all right.
Easy.
Okay. Okay now.
What's your name. little guy?
Yoshi.
Nice to meet you. Yoshi.
How did you get in a warp pipe?
"Out of the road!’
Oh.
I guess we'll never know.
Found the problem.
-Hola. Yoshi!
-Yoshi?
Yoshi. Yoshi. Yoshi
All that trouble over a Yoshi.
Yeah. You know.
we found the little fella and…
Where'd he go?
Hmm. He seemed like a nice guy
Vroom. vroom.
He knows that's my bike. right?
Aaah!
Where are you taking us?
Try and enjoy it. Princess.
It's the last place
you'll ever see alive.
It's pretty cool. right?
I really think my dad's gonna love it.
Mama. I'm scared.
It's gonna be alright.
My Koopas!
Guess who stole a princess!
-Yeah!
And not just any princess.
The guardian of the cosmos.
the mother of the stars.
With her powers.
we will destroy the universe!
She will give her life
for our glory!
[all] Yeah!
How's that for a speech
Very descriptive
Ow!
No one hurts my kid!
Go!
The great battle of my life draws near
It is time to free my father!
Think she'll like it?
Mario. do you have
feelings for the Princess?
What?!
Can't a guy give his good buddy
a perfect present
to show her just how much
she means to him?
"When the moon hits your eye"
"Like a big pizza pie. that's--"
"a-yoshi "
I'm not in love with Peach!
Let's just go.
-Hey. guys!
-Hey!
Toad! looking good.
Um. who is this?
Yoshi.
Who can resist that face
Come on!
So. some cool dinosaur just shows up.
and he's now part of the group.
-Hey uh. have you seen the Princess?
-No.
Hey.
You're missing your own party.
I hate birthdays.
Yeah…
Luigi spent his 10th birthday crying.
said his childhood was over.
Well. the crazy thing is.
today is not my real birthday.
It's just the day the Toads found me.
They have no idea where I came from.
I've lived my entire life wondering
where my family is.
That must be so hard.
Sometimes I just feel so lost
Guess that it's not
your actual birthday.
You don't want a present?
Mario!
Alright! Fine. fine.
Oh.
I love it.
Whoa.
Look.
Princess Peach.
I've finally found you.
Oh!
Feel better now?
I can't believe it's really you.
Our Mama read so many
bedtime stories about you.
Me?
Are you sure?
She says anything
ever happens to her.
to find you and you'd help us.
Princess. our Mama's been taken.
What happened?
A giant robot took her
to a scary planet
out beyond the Gateway Galaxy.
Can you help us?
Peach. sorry. I--
Yes. yes. We
were eavesdropping.
-Don't even think about leaving...
-Guys.
Can we just give the Princess a minute?
She'll figure out what to do.
I disagree. Mario.
Even though my pajamas
say otherwise.
There is nothing to figure out.
She is not leaving!
-Yes.
-Alright. guys.
Let's go. We'll discuss
more in the morning.
Good night. Princess.
Toad. pack our things.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
What happened?
She left this for you.
'Dear Mustache.
I've gone to the Gateway Galaxy'
‘to begin my search
for the Luma's mom.'
'I'm leaving the kingdom
in your hands.’
'Sincerely. Peach.'
"Sincerely"? Ooh-la-la.
that's a good sign.
Princess Peach is gone?
Oh. no!
Everyone. calm down.
The Super Mario Brothers
can take care of the kingdom.
Whoo-hoo!
Now what?
Hey. big guy!
You scared me!
You wanted to see us?
Don't move. I'll be right out.
"Sip in the soup…"
"Clean up the paint"
"And also trim
the bonsai bush"
Here we go!
Ha-ha! Hey. Luigi!
What's up. Mario?
Behold! I made a masterpiece
for Princess Peach.
What do you think?
And be honest.
Love the colors.
The criticism I give you is
"It's trash."
How dare you look at
my masterpiece and say that?
You think painting is easy?
I'll burn the skin of your bones!
Wow!
I'm sorry about that.
That's the old Bowser talking.
Ha! Still working through
my demons. I suppose.
All good. All better now.
Anyway. it's not just a present.
It's a peace offering.
I'd like her to release me.
Not for good behavior.
For awesome behavior.
She'll never release you.
And don't even ask about
making you big again.
Even though I'm totally rehabilitated?
Mario. he's really changed.
We're doing a weekly book club together.
I bring the soup!
She doesn't trust you.
and neither do I.
Oh. you better start trusting me.
or I will eat your soul! and--
I'm sorry. It's just… Oh. wow.
Alright. You know what guys?
I'm gonna hit the sack.
I need my 8 hours.
or else I really turn into a monster.
Aah! Ow!
Hehe. Nighty night
We gotta get everyone out of here.
Go! go! go!
That's everyone. Let's go.
Mamma mia
Wow.
In the name of the Koopas.
I demand that you release my father.
Over my dead body.
Fine with me.
Why don't we start over?
and introduce ourselves.
Okay. um.
Hi. I'm Luigi.
I'm Bowser Jr.
And I'm gonna be taking my father
now!
You've doing so great.
but thought you might need a hand.
Dad!
Oh. God!
Everyone okay?
Where are we?
Sweet! Freedom!
You've gotta be kidding me.
-Bye. suckers!
-Hey! Get back here!
No! You can't catch the wind!
I just kinda did.
It was a metaphor!
Stop it!
You should probably spit him out
whoo
That was intense!
Guys. this is embarrassing.
I'm still a tiny work in progress.
Sorry pal.
Do you expect me to shake
the hand of the turtle...
whose son just attacked me?
My… son?
I haven't seen him in years.
Mario. I was a terrible father.
He must hate me.
Hate you?
Your son tried to chop my head off
just to free you.
He wants to see you.
He could just use some guidance.
Really?
You think I might have
a shot at reconnecting with my boy?
See. Mario? He's gotten really
in touch with his feelings.
I'm drowning in them!
Alright. Let's just keep moving.
We gotta find a way off this planet
and get to Peach.
Look! There it is!
Oh!
C'mon we're gonna be late
Whoa.
The Gateway Galaxy!
Toad. where are you going?
This must be who we're looking for.
'Missing: Princess Rosalina'
‘No! No!’
Princess? Are you okay?
Ukiki is lost.
Have you seen Ukiki's friends?
Aw! We've got a lost little monkey.
I got ya. I got ya.
That Monkey just used his cuteness
for crime
-Toad! Wait!
-All our powerups and coins are in there!
And my unfinished novel!
-Pardon Me!
-Excuse me. Sorry.
Gah!
We got you now!
Look. he jumped through the wall!
Stay close.
Hey! You!
Hey! Give me my backpack!
Dad. I know you're down there somewhere.
Sire. it is hopeless.
The important thing now in our
time of grief is to...
stay strong for each other!
Will you get a hold of yourself?
We gotta keep looking for Papa!
So. um. Bowser wants to talk to you
about something.
You know. Mario. all boys believe
their fathers are larger than life.
I don't wanna disappoint my boy
by being so small.
I'm not making you big.
You're used to living a pine-sized life
But I was born to be big!
Undo the power of the Blue Mushroom
and I shall fight by your side
for all of eternity.
That's a good deal.
Eternity is a long time.
We will be unstoppable!
Mm.
No
Come on. hit me Mario.
Hit me.
Now. Mario. Hit him.
We-we can trust him.
-Hit me!
-Mario just go ahead. hit him. hit him.
Hit me now!
You tiny pathetic failure
of a plumber!
You will not regret this.
What're you guys waiting for?
There's a castle up there. Come on!
Follow me!
Sorry!
Princess.
Ukiki.
Look at what you brought me.
Princesses… are very valuable.
Ukiki thinks your novel stinks.
Ow! Ah!
What is it with you "princesses"
and "getting captured"?
You know something
about that missing princess?
Mm.
Not… a… thing.
You listen to me. you slime ball!
You're gonna tell me exactly
where Rosalina is.
Or what?
Oh. Princess.
You're going to regret that.
Ha!
Ha-ha!
Ooh. yes!
Where is she?
Do I look like a snitch?
-Oh! Yes. I do!
-This is your last chance.
Okay. okay! Listen to me.
-Bowser's kid took her.
-Where?
The Space Junk Galaxy.
-Toad.
-Give me that.
Get me Bowser Jr. Now!
Move those little legs. shortcake
Hi. We need some help
getting off your planet.
You will have to speak to the queen.
But the scary looking guy stays here.
I got this.
Hello. Your Highness.
We are trying to get to the Gateway Ga--
You're the aliens.
who destroyed my flower fields.
Imprison them!
Take them to the honey mines!
Not on my watch!
Someone must pay for their crimes.
Release them!
I shall serve their sentence
in their stead.
I can do the work of a hundred men
and at least 10.000 bees.
Take me. and send them
to the Gateway Galaxy.
We have a deal.
Get them to the Gateway Galaxy!
Are you sure about this?
You're not as horrible
as I thought.
Thank you.
Put that away.
You take care of him. okay?
I always do.
This miserable bug will give you passage.
Go. Make your old enemy proud.
When I'm free. me and my girl
are gonna go dancing
till the sun rises.
You got a honey back home?
She bailed at the altar.
Left me twisted in the wind.
I'm still healing.
Remembering who I was before her.
That is one sensitive soul.
Oh!
Stay strong! You'll find
the right one someday.
Hi. dad.
Junior?
Ho-ho-ho! My boy!
You got so big.
This is all yours?
Hey. aren't you supposed to be
in boarding school?
Boarding school? More like boring school.
I got expelled.
Ha ha ha ha
You really grew up
when I wasn't paying attention.
Dad. we're about to become
the 2 most powerful dudes in the universe
Remember when I was a baby turtle?
You were working so hard trying
to conquer the world!
But once in a while.
you'd have a night off.
And you tucked me in and tell me
our favorite bedtime story.
Those were the best nights of my life!
Tell me the story.
Again?
ha ha ha.
Back in the days of yore
there was a powerful villain
with awesome hair.
He loved conquering everything.
You see. this villain had a son.
The two roamed the universe
desperate for a place to call home.
But everywhere they went
was just incredibly…
Lame.
Gross!
So. they decided to make
their own planet!
Behold! Planet Bowser!
The sinister sanctuary where
they can spend the rest of the days.
They built an evil roller coaster.
A gorge full of lava.
They carved a giant mountain
into the shape of their heads.
And at the top of the planet.
they built the biggest cannon ever!
It could destroy the universe!
They called it…
The Boomsday Weapon!
To power it. they needed…
The most powerful princess
in the universe!
And when they had drained
all her power and the weapon was ready.
They went planet by planet
destroying all those
who disrespected them!
Boom!
Until they danced on the ashes of
the universe and reigned supreme!
The end.
Dad. will you tell me again tomorrow night.
Of course. Good night. my boy.
Shh.
Dad. I built us that planet.
You did?
We're going there right now.
You and me. Two Bowsers.
No limits.
My Lords.
We have a problem.
Welcome to the information booth.
My name is Rob.
Would you like some information?
We need to find a pilot.
And quick.
Certainly.
Pilots can be found on the flight deck.
Which is located right over…
Oh. Rob. You're killing me.
I'm sorry. I do not wish to kill you.
Ugh. Toad!
-I am Rob.
-I know!
Great. Thanks for visiting
information.
Where is the flight deck?
Right over…
Ugh!
…here.
-Thank you!
-You're welcome.
Hi. there! Can you take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy?
Uh. no.
Excuse me. how much to take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy?
Too dangerous for this little flyboy
So. tell me this.
Why is a princess trying to go to
the most dangerous place in the galaxy?
Who are you?
Don't ask me personal questions.
Oh. I'm so sorry. I just--
I'm Fox McCloud!
Leader of the legendary Star Fox team!
I only care about three things.
Keeping the Lylat system safe.
fighting with my buds. and doing
extremely dangerous barrel rolls.
Let's go!
And one day. my warp drive exploded.
blew a giant hole
in the fabric of space and time.
and I got sucked into a different universe.
That's what I get for making
a frog my engineer.
And now I roam your galaxy.
trying to find a way home.
Doing good. when the price is right.
Oh. and I also have cool space boots.
Whoa
Now that's the backstory of
the guy who's going to take us
to the Space Junk Galaxy.
How desperate for money
do you think I am?
Alright. you got a deal.
I'll fuel up the Arwing.
we'll take off in five.
That was the coolest dude
I've ever seen.
Mario. I have a great idea.
When you see Peach.
you should catch up and go.
"Bla-Bla-Bla..."
"...oh. hi! How are you?"
And then boom!
You should ask her out on a date!
I don't know. Lu. You think a princess
would have a date with a plumber?
Mario. she would be the luckiest princess
in the world to be your girlfriend.
She is going to say yes!
And then you're going to ask her
if she has a friend for me!
Now. we just need to find her.
She is right over…
Peach!
Mario?
Oh! Yoshi's here. Yay.
Mario!
A handshake?
Thought it could be cool.
I mean. just thought it could be cool.
th-that would be good.
And cool.
Mario. I found out where Rosalina is.
And this guy is gonna take us there.
Nice ride.
Nice 'stache.
Let's go.
Wahoo!
You gotta love a space rogue!
He doesn't look like a rogue to me.
He looks like Ms. Castellano's dog
Can Ms. Castellano's dog do this?
Wahoo!
I like this guy!
Might want to hang on to something.
They're gonna pay for that!
Wait. Junior! I kinda got to know them.
They're super lame.
but I still feel bad about killing them.
What're you talking about.
not kill them?
Well. that's weird.
Okay. Doing this one for you Dad.
When I'm done with them.
they'll be crying for their mommies.
Uh. what's that gonna do?
Bowser! He played us.
Oh. babies!
No!
Boom!
Don't worry. dad.
This time tomorrow.
you'll have forgotten all about
those dorks in overalls.
The whole universe will be ours!
How 'bout now?
Nope.
Toad! The babies!
On it!
Come here!
Huh?
Yoshi! Come back!
Yoshi. Yoshi. Yoshi!
Come here.
Luigi!
What are you doing?
Stop it!
Mario!
Yoshi!
L-Let go! Let go! Let go!
Give it! Give it!
Give it to me! Give it to--
Oh. uh.
I kinda liked being a baby.
All the scary thoughts running through
my head just disappeared. you know.
We're gonna fix you up like new. okay?
It's gonna be fine.
It's just a dent.
Just a dent
Hey. we are gonna find a way
off this planet.
Mario. we're galaxies away
from Rosalina.
We can't fix the ship.
And somehow. we keep
adding dinosaurs!
I know you're frustrated.
Princesses don't get frustrated!
Alright. but then can I be
not frustrated with you?
Uh. Breaker. Breaker. this is
Big Green with Little Red
and the League of Beagle.
We are looking for an EVAC ASAP.
Had a major fender bender in
Dino Town.
Uh. we're hauling some low cargo--
Come on! You can do it!
Woohoo
Look what happens when you don't
have a bedtime!
'Mayday. Mayday.'
This is the big Luigi-dog saying
“over and out”
Luigi?
Their mustaches were ridiculous.
But they weren't bad guys.
They were your friends. huh?
Nothing's more dangerous
than a friend.
When your armor's down.
they'll stab you in the back.
Where did you hear that?
It's what you told me when you dropped me
off for my first day at school.
I am a good dad.
Those friends of yours tried to ruin you.
Turned you into something you're not.
You know who won't hurt you?
Your family.
Family is forever.
Close your eyes.
Dad!
Wait for it.
Now open.
Guys.
There's something extremely weird
flying towards us.
Let's-a go!
We'll be at Space Junk Galaxy
before naptime.
'Once upon a time. there was
a brave and noble princess'
'named Peach.’
'Her story begins many years ago'
'when she lived on a small planet
with her sister. Rosalina.'
'The two sisters were made
of stardust.'
‘Their love burned as brightly
as the stars themselves.’
'Together. they could summon
the power of the cosmos.'
'But evil forces wanted
the power for themselves.'
‘Rosalina… had to send Peach away'
'to safety.
'No! No! No!’
'The Toads raised and protected her'
'until she grew strong enough
to protect them.'
Dad. welcome to Planet Bowser!
You really built all this?
But that's not all.
We have our very own
Boomsday Weapon!
And the princess I kidnapped
to power it!
The universe will never forgive you!
This is who you are.
This is where you belong.
Tonight. we destroy
the Mushroom Kingdom.
tomorrow. the universe!
Yeah! Long live the King!
They're waiting for you.
Sometimes. on this rainbow road
of life. we lose our way.
But if you're lucky.
a tiny version of yourself
helps you remember your true calling.
My Koopas! Your king has returned!
We'll get you on the planet.
Buckle up. It's about to get crazy.
Star Fox team is ready!
Sick.
Come on!
Let's do this.
Incoming!
Do a barrel roll!
Yay!
You're up. Mustache!
Good luck!
Wahoo!
I don't know what that means.
It means you go this way.
we go that way.
Oh. got ya.
Intruder alert! Intruder alert!
It won't be long now. Dad.
Ahem.
What?
My Lords. our tormentors
have returned!
I'll take care of 'em.
I built a security system
that's next level.
They're gonna get torn to pieces!
I love being a dad.
Oh. the days are long.
but the years are short.
'Hello. Peach and Mario.'
Prepare to meet your maker.
I've got you now.
I won't let them ruin this.
Bowser!
Didn't have to be this way.
I know there's still
some good in there.
Let us pass. Now!
Or what? You'll humiliate me
at my wedding?
You shrink me to a nubbin
and put me in a jar?
Make me join a book club?
We had our moment. Mario.
But Bowser is back.
And now you'll feel my fury!
No. No. No!
Dad!
Dad.
I am the Lord of Bones!
I am the Skull King!
And I am his son!
Mario!
Go. Save her.
Ow!
Yoshi.
Very weird.
Ow!
Finish this. Lu.
Lu!?
What? You know
I never learned how to draw.
Yes!
No!
In the name of the Koopas--
Junior?
Daddy! Please help me!
Junior!
Ha-ha-ha!
Dad!
Oh. my boy!
Rosalina!
I need you to try!
I knew you would come for me.
Hey! Found your femur. Dad!
Doing great. my boy!
Let's find my foot.
Mario!
Mario! Come meet my sister.
I'm so happy you found each other.
I love a family reunion!
-Hey-o!
Mama?
My babies!
We missed you so much!
I missed you too.
Mama. can we visit the Mushroom Kingdom?
I wanna see the castle.
Okay. okay.
Where's your castle?
Ah. well the castle. Yeah. the castle
Um...
it died!
What're you talking about?
You know what guys?
We're gonna rebuild
the best castle ever!
Who wants to help?
-Oh. yeah!
-Whoo-hoo!
Wahoo!
So. where are you off to next?
That nice Space Princess fixed up my warp drive
and I'm heading home
Good luck with them.
That is one complicated family.
Don't worry son.
No jail can hold us.
We'll be out of here soon.
Hello. Maggots.
Trying to escape?
You're gonna play by my rules now.
Stay close son.
she won't break us
First goes the body then goes the bones
Then all that's left is dust.
You be quiet. right now!
You can't silence the truth.
It only makes it louder.
Like the approaching drumbeat
of Death!
Boom. boom. boom. boom.
Now. there there.
You poor little monkey.
Ha ha ha ha--
Well thank you very much
Your Highness.